# Commuto Protocol
#TODO: Update readme <br>
The Commuto Protocol is a decentralized exchange that allows users to exchange fiat currencies and stablecoins quickly, 
affordably, safely, and in a censorship-resistant manner, without the use of a trusted intermediary.

For more information, please consult the whitepaper draft, which can be found here:
https://github.com/jimmyneutront/commuto-whitepaper

## About this Repository

This repository contains only the core Commuto Protocol smart contract code, as well as unit and integration testing 
code for the core protocol. The Commuto Protocol is intended to be used with either a graphical, text-based/command line
or API interface, to allow easy interaction with the core protocol functionality. These interfaces will make up a 
peer-to-peer network across which offers will be broadcast, so each user will have a complete local copy of the Commuto 
Protocol's decentralized offer book. However, this project is in the very early stages of development and work on the 
interfaces has not yet begun.

Currently, there is no community forum or chat room for Commuto. Please feel free to open an issue in this repository or
the whitepaper's repository with any questions, suggestions, feature requests, or bugs. You can contact the developer 
via Matrix or Keybase using the information in his bio.

## Testing/Developing the Commuto Protocol

The reccomended IDE for Commuto Protocol development is PyCharm CE with the Intellij Solidity plugin installed.

Set up a Commuto Protocol development and testing environment with the following steps:

1. Clone this repository
2. Initialize a new virtualenv virtual environment in the root project directory with a Python 3.9 interpreter
3. Use pip to install the following Python packages: web3, hexbytes, slither-analyzer, solc-select, and py-solc-x
4. Use solc-select to install solc 0.6.12 and designate solc 0.6.12 as the default solidity compiler to be used. macOS 
users may not be able to complete this step due to Python not using macOS system SSL certificates. To fix this, run the
"Install Certificates.command" file included in the "/Applications/Python3.9" directory, which will install a bundle of
default root certificates from the certifi Python package.
5. Install and set up the Hardhat Ethereum development environment. Instructions can be found here: 
https://hardhat.org/getting-started/
6. Start a standalone Hardhat Network instance
7. Replace the web3 provider address in Commuto_Swap_Tests.py and Commuto_Swap_Integration_Tests.py with the address and
port number of your Hardhat Network instance
8. You are now ready to run tests and experiment with the Commuto Protocol

Before submitting any pull requests, run Commuto_Swap_Tests.py and Commuto_Swap_Integration_Tests.py, and run
Slither on the project as well. Do not submit a pull request if Commuto_Swap_Tests or Commuto_Swap_Integration_Tests do 
not pass. Attempt to resolve all issues raised by Slither. However, if an issue cannot be resolved for any reason, 
include a comment with the code in question to explain why.

The web-based Remix Solidity IDE may be used to compile smart contracts and generate ABI for web3.py. Smart contract 
bytecode compiled by Remix can be pasted from Remix directly into Python files as dictionaries of strings for deployment
with web3.py. However, the ABI generated by Remix contains linebreaks and indents, and thus cannot be pasted into a 
Python file as a string without first removing line breaks and whitespace. This can be done using 
https://removelinebreaks.net, setting "Base number of chars" to "Auto (18)", "Convert line breaks to" to "None", and 
"Convert paragraphs to" "None".